# Bachelor of Science in Informatics
## Purpose statement:
Successful graduates should have: A systematic and coherent body of knowledge. An understanding of underlying concepts and principles of Information Systems with the ability to apply this in the workplace. An understanding of underlying concepts and principles of Information Systems with the ability to apply this in the workplace. The ability to access and evaluate scientific information. A high level of cognitive and other generic skills including problem-solving, written and spoken communication. Competence in applying knowledge through basic research methods and practice. Specific skills and applied competence leading to continued personal intellectual growth, gainful economic activity and valuable contributions to society in science and technology. Their competencies and skills include programming, system analysis and design, database design and implementation, interaction design and project management. The qualification should produce graduates who demonstrate responsibility in being professional and ethical in their roles within the economy and society; are proficient in innovative, scientific, economic and managerial scholarly activities; are able to consolidate and widen scientific knowledge; are capable of integrating knowledge and skills in contributing to the good of society. Such graduates should be able to provide South Africa and other countries with citizens capable of making a constructive contribution to their society and who are empowered to play a leadership role.
